We always see on JW broadcasting experiences of how Jehovah takes care of other people but you never think that it's going to happen to you.
I've just never seen, I couldn't see the street or anything. It was so intense the raining.
You could just sense the the terror.
I mean, that was an raging torrent. It was felt like the mountain was coming down.
The city was underwater. There was so much water, it was chest high.
Even in the kingdom hall, the level rose above the waist.
The chairs were just floating. It was shocking to see the amount of water that was actually inside the kingdom hall.
In the one week, there was seven flooding. And each one was just as bad as the last one.
Again, I still didn't understand how bad, and brothers said maybe you better come up to this area. So when I got there, it was devastation.
If it was a two-story house, one story was full of mud. So now the second story was on street level.
In a rainfall of only five hours, everything was swept away, all the houses of the brothers.
When we got there the next day, it seemed like a bomb had gone off. Everything was blown apart.
We visited one family and the brothers said, I can't go to the meeting, I don't have a pair of shoes.
And my wife just has to close on her back.
One of the local sisters who lost everything, she worked so hard to have built a beautiful home,
beautiful comfortable home. And it was all destroyed in a moment by a landslide.
And to hear her say that, just like the Bible says, that you should store up treasures in heaven,
wear a moth and rust and not consume.
I wish I could put a picture of me in my Bible so that every time I read it, I think that that.
She had regrets.
It just taught me that service to Jehovah is always worthwhile.
We can work so hard in the system of things to have a comfortable life, but there's no guarantee we could lose it so quickly.
But the service that we have to Jehovah, it lasts forever. It will never be destroyed.
It was time to get organized with groups of brothers to go and help to clean up the homes of the ones that were affected.
Same like everywhere you look, there were brothers and sisters.
They arrived in trucks and buses with buckets, brooms and mobs to help clean out the homes of those affected.
We were cleaning out one house, our first house, and the sisters were putting down bags to put dirt on the bags.
And then carry it, right?
Somebody went, man, it would be nice to have a wheelbarrow.
And so we're digging it out and there's a wheelbarrow in the mud.
And we went, hey, there, there's a wheelbarrow. So we got the wheelbarrow.
And that really helped.
We were going to one house of a family of witnesses.
It was very difficult to get into the house because we couldn't get the front door open because of all the mud.
Once we actually got into the house, it was like, where do we start?
It was overwhelming.
There was one brother that was just stood there watching inside the middle of the house, wouldn't they?
Yeah, we kind of thought, why isn't he helping?
And then we realized after a while that this was his house.
He explained that after each of the floods during the week, he cleaned his house out.
And then another flood came, he cleaned his house out. He did another one.
Until he got to the sixth one and after that, he'd lost all his energy, all his spirit.
So he just left it. He couldn't do any more.
I think we realized at that point, it wasn't just important to go and dig someone's house out.
It was important to take care of them as well.
We realized that during this disaster, a lot of the friends needed spiritual encouragement.
And that's what we really wanted to bring.
We give them a hug to show them that we love them and appreciate them even though they went through a very hard time.
Just as the Bible says, when one member suffers, the rest of the body also suffers and feels the pain.
And we could sense this among the brothers there.
Even brothers from the branch committee came to the area, visiting each publisher personally.
In order to encourage those who had been affected by the disaster, a special meeting was arranged where they gave talks.
All this helped us to see that Jehovah was there.
He was sending his servants to upbuild us.
The spirit of the government body and also through the branch committee was to show love to the brothers.
They wanted us to make sure that they were spiritually strengthened during these critical times.
We're worried about you. How are you?
Just hearing them say that was like a pat on the back.
A hug from Jehovah saying, you're not alone.
You have your brothers.
You know, it's one thing to read about things like that.
But to see it in action, that's another thing.
You definitely saw love. That is our identified mark, isn't it?
Friends were there early in the morning, late at night, walking through mud, mud on their face, mud in their hair.
They just really showed love in many different ways.
We just want to say thank you to all the friends.
Jehovah understands what we need, when we need it, and it gives us more than what we expected.
To see that no matter what happens, Jehovah is always going to take care of us. That's awesome.
The relief committee, they received a letter from a family.
They said the floods could destroy our home, but they cannot destroy our love for Jehovah.
And the love that we have for him, and he has for us.
We don't know what situations our brothers will have to face as his system winds down to finish.
But one thing we know for certain is that we can count on the support of Jehovah and his organization.
If we're not part of this organization, what do we have? We've got nothing.
That's what nothing is.
When I talk about people losing homes and stuff, that's just material things.
But staying with the organization, this is the truth.
What an honor. What a privilege to be part of this.